#####Activity2###3###

	####Linke to the video:  https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1JqW41m4GvPVj2vgTc_EsI9Mb03xGyvhf?usp=share_link
	#####

#### Purpose:
Demonstrate simple Client and Server communication using `SocketServer` and `Socket`classes.

Here a simple protocol is defined which uses protobuf. The client reads in a json file and then creates a protobuf object from it to send it to the server. The server reads it and sends back the calculated result. 

The response is also a protobuf but only with a result string. 

To see the proto file see: src/main/proto which is the default location for proto files. 

Gradle is already setup to compile the proto files. 

### The procotol
### Logging in
1) CL Request
```
RequestType: NAME
Required Fields: name
```

2. SV Response
```
ResponseType: GREETING
Require Fields: message
```

### View Leader Board (from main menu)
1. CL Request
```
RequestType: LEADER
Required Fields: *none*
```
2. SV Response
```
ResponseType: LEADER
Required Fields: leader (repeated field)
```

### Play Game (from main menu)
1. CL Request
```
RequestType: NEW
Required Fields: *none*
```
2. SV Response
```
ResponseType: PLAY
Required Fields: board, second = false, eval = false
```
3. CL Request
```
RequestType: TILE1
Required Fields: tile
```
4. SV Response
```
ResponseType: PLAY
Required Fields: board, flippedBoard, second = true, eval = false
```
5. CL Request
```
RequestType: TILE2
Required Fields: tile
```
6. SV Response
```
if game is not yet won

	ResponseType: PLAY
	Required Fields: board, flippedBoard, second = false, eval (is match?)

OR if game is won

	ResponseType: WON
	Required Fields: board
```
*Repeat steps 3-6 until game is won or user disconnects.*

### Exit (from main menu or user typed 'exit' while in game)
1. CL Request
```
RequestType: QUIT
Required Fields: *none*
```
2. SV Response
```
ResponseType: BYE
Required Fields: message
```

### Errors
*These can be generated by any malformed or unexpected request. The client*
*is responsible for keeping track of state to continue.*

SV Response
```
ResponseType: ERROR
RequiredFields: message (description of error), board (board might be empty based on the state of the game)
```
*NOTE: If in game and receive an error, default back to TILE1 operation.*


### How to run it (optional)
The proto file can be compiled using

``gradle generateProto``

This will also be done when building the project. 

You should see the compiled proto file in Java under build/generated/source/proto/main/java/buffers

Now you can run the client and server 

#### Default 
Server is Java
Per default on 9099
runServer

You have one example client in Java using the Protobuf protocol

Clients runs per default on 
host localhost, port 9099
Run Java:
	runClient


#### With parameters:
Java
gradle runClient -Pport=9099 -Phost='localhost'


gradle runServer -Pport=9099

gradle runClient -Pport=9099 -Phost="localhost"

######How to run The server##########
	1-Default: gradle runServer
	with pram: gradle runServer -Pport=9099

######How to run The Client##########
	1-Default: gradle runClient
	with pram: gradle runClient -Phost="localhost" -Pport=9099


    ### Requirement met ####
1-run the server using the follwing comadnd "gradle runServer": the server will run and wati for client.
2-client connect ito server using follwing commadnd "gradle runCliend"
3-server will ask the client for his name
4-client provid his name and send it to the sever
5-when the server recived the user's name it will do the flowing:

	a:server save the name and loging info in the loging fil
	b:The server print the log file.
	c:great the client by name and provid the client with options menu.
6-if client chose option #1 The server will will send the leadrboard to the client then the client will print id.

6-if client chose option #2 (Enter the game):
	a:The srver will send the game board to the cliend 
	b:The server print the soulution on the server side.
	c:The server will ask the client to enter tile location
7-when client send the tile location the server check the location 
8- Many clients can connect and play the same game.

9-If client chose option #3
	a:The server will send "GoodBy" to client.
 	b:The client will get disconnected and
 	c:The Server will keep running: 
